French Dvorak BÉPO keyboard layout
0.6.4
http://www.clavier-dvorak.org/


Description

This package contains the French Dvorak BÉPO keyboard layout, optimized for French, created by the community on http://www.clavier-dvorak.org/.

It contains six keyboard layouts:

French Dvorak BÉPO (0.6.4)
French Dvorak BÉPO (0.6.4) (Roman)
French Dvorak BÉPO (0.6.4) - Qwerty ⌘
French Dvorak BÉPO (0.6.4) - Qwerty ⌘ (Roman)
French Dvorak BÉPO (0.6.4) - Azerty ⌘
French Dvorak BÉPO (0.6.4) - Azerty ⌘ (Roman)

The ones with "(Roman)" in their name are defined as Roman keyboard layouts. Use these if you experience problems with older applications (the active keyboard layout switches to another one). The other ones are defined as Unicode keyboard layouts.

The ones with "⌘" in their name are variants where keyboard shortcuts with the Command or the Control key are done with the keys corresponding to a U.S. (Qwerty) or a French or Belgian (Azerty) keyboard.


Installation

To install the keyboard layout, copy the file "fr-dvorak-bepo.bundle" in "/Users/your_user_name/Library/Keyboard Layouts" if you want it to be available only to your user, or in "/Library/Keyboard Layouts" if you want it to be available to all the users of the computer.

You have to log out and log back in in order for the new keyboard layout to be available.

After that, go in System Preferences > International > Input Menu, and select the keyboard layout(s) you want to use by marking the checkbox(es) in front of the corresponding name(s). The checkbox labeled "Show input menu in menu bar", at the bottom of the window, should also be marked in order to be able to select the active keyboard layout.

Once this is done and the French Dvorak BÉPO keyboard layout is made active with the input menu in the menu bar, you can start typing. Enjoy!

Thank you for choosing the French Dvorak BÉPO keyboard layout.

Tip: in System Preferences > International > Input Menu, mark the checkbox in front of "Keyboard Viewer" and activate it in the input menu in the menu bar to display a small keyboard on the screen displaying the keyboard layout.
